rename `_type_definition` to `__strawberry_definition__` (#2836)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: minor

> **BREAKING CHANGES:**
> 
> This release renames `_type_definition` to `__strawberry_definition__`
> if you don't know what `_type_definition` is, there is no need to worry 🙃.
> However, if you have used it, it would be aliased for now until deprecation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This release renames `_type_definition` to `__strawberry_definition__`. This doesn't change the public API of Strawberry, but if you were using `_type_definition` you can still access it, but it will be removed in future.
```
